 Especially, and I would even argue in the last four weeks, you really can't build fitness for the Iron Man distance. But you can ruin your fitness for the Iron Man distance, especially within the last two to three weeks. So it takes your body to adapt to a full load, a full Iron Man load. It takes four to six weeks for your body to fully adapt to it. For you to go through the full depression cycle all the way through the compensation cycle and come back to the place where you're ready to race again. So if you take your body and you're in that super compensation phase and you start training in that which is going to be in these last two weeks which you're in right now. And you add load to it and drop down again. You're going to lose everything that you gained from those big efforts that you did in the four to six weeks out from your race. Okay, so you have to give your body time to rest. You need to let your body fully recover from those efforts and even get stronger. So you can keep the sword sharp by doing short quick efforts. You can get out the door to work out some of your whatever your issues are. They're mental. I need to go out and do something. Fine. Zone one, zone two, easy, 30, 45 minutes to at least open the body up and remind yourself what you're going to be doing. Those things are fine. Weight training in the last two to four weeks. Try it out. You know that? No weight training. It does not hold on in a program. In the last two weeks for sure. I recommend, usually even in the last four weeks unless you've been super consistent with it all the way through your all the way through your training. Like not even squat or push up. Stop today. How about the volume? I mean, I look at my schedule. It's like a 50% of my peak. You think it should be appropriate. You want to be going from your peak volume. You should be cutting back to like 75% four weeks out, two thirds, three weeks out, and then two weeks out. You should be almost half. Half of your volume. Yeah. And then in the last week, it really depends. Everybody's different. Everybody tapers differently. And so you're probably not going to get it right on your first Iron Man taper. That's okay. Right? I mean, you probably didn't get it right when you did your first taper to an Olympic distance either. I'll point that one out. Yeah. Yeah. Each time you do it, you do something a little bit different. Yeah. And how about the nutrition? I mean, I know people, that's a big thing for Iron Man. I know people train perfectly. One thing, I found a challenge during the evening training session for like two weeks ago. My finished bike and finished like half distance marathon. Almost like 12 or 13 miles. I just immediately shut down. It's just like drastically. My body, one minute, it feels really good. And the second minute, I was heavy and lose everything. I have to walk. So I don't know. Is there any, do you have you seen somebody like this? Absolutely. What's going on? Yeah. We have like even Josh. He told last year he did a four Iron Man, I got a GI issue. So ruling everything. How to, how to, first, what's a reason for that? The second, how do we prevent? No, the training number of reasons. But the best thing is to practice it like during the training. Right? So you want to find that? Well, it works for you in training and take that to your race. That's the most important thing is trying different things, finding things that don't work and avoiding them. And then making sure that when you get to your race, you have adequate nutrition where you don't start to short on tires like run out or you want to make sure you have some redundancy. So if you've been training on goons and they have the stingers or whatever at the race and you completely switch because you're in out, you're putting yourself at risk. For having a GI, potential GI issue, Iron Man announces what they're going to use weeks, months, year in advance, typically. So you can practice on, I mean, this isn't for this race, this is for the next race. Right? This is for more obeys, for in. But you can train on what they're going to have there. And know that it's going to work for you. Yes, you can absolutely bring it up. But if you, so then that's what I'm saying is when you're practicing before or training before, you die, everything in ahead of time. But there's always that's what I'm saying. But there's, you should have redundancies because people drop water bottles, people drop gels, people lose, and tire. You take longer than you expected. So you should have redundancies on the race. Is there any, like, a rule of thumb or some, I'm practicing like a hundred gram, a, a, a, a, every hour. You know, in combination with infinity, it's infinity, yeah, the sport strength, infinite, infinite sport strength. But yeah, I think that's just like, I think that's what happened. Last time I was running, you know, feeling good, I didn't take enough, uh, good, and, uh, because you cannot carry bottle with you during training. I mean, you know, race, yes. Because they'll provide the drink. So I think I'm sure on that and you body just, everything, I think, is kind of slow, or right? You're pushing your body to an limit, and then finally, you just shut down. I don't know. Is there any tips for the running portion nutrition? Don't give up. Just, yeah, just keep eating, right? I mean, it sounds like you bombed. I think that's, that's, that's, that's, that's what happened. Uh, yeah, it wasn't hot, it wasn't hot. It wasn't really hot. It's just my body, I mean, I don't want to eat. That's, that's a part, right? Yeah, there's an e-app, right? You get to the, your stomach is saturated, salt, a lot of times. I don't know, maybe that's what Mike was headed with his, his question. But salt, a lot of times is, um, one of the things that you need to have more of, if you don't have proper balances salt, and your stomach, you're not able to absorb the carbohydrates. So, even if you keep slamming gels, you're, you're, you're, you end up with this like lead weight in your stomach because you aren't able to, the stomach's not able to process it because it doesn't have enough salt in your stomach cavity to absorb the liquid. And you really need dialent, the right amount for you, because there's a huge range on what people need for salt. There's really heavy salt sweaters and there's light, and you can do too much salt. And you have this like really similar light cramping from too much salt, so you really need a dial in in your training.